Add guidelines for when to release a PRR (#60566)
woocommerce/woocommerce: docs/contribution/releases/point-releases.md

- **Security patches** for urgent vulnerabilities
- **Compatibility fixes** for WordPress, theme, or plugin conflicts

> ## When to do a Point Release

Reviewer: This "When to do" sounds more like a section for the appropriate conditions (listed above).

What about:

```suggestion
## Timing a Point Release
```

> When considering a point release, use your best judgement based on the urgency and severity of the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When considering the exact time to create a point release, use your best judgement based on the urgency and severity of outsanding issues:
```

- If the issue is not very urgent, consider waiting 3–4 days to see if additional related issues are reported before proceeding. This helps consolidate fixes and reduces the number of patch releases.
- For high-severity or critical issues, prioritize releasing as soon as possible to minimize impact on users.

> - For security issues, coordinate with the team that implemented the security fix to help determine urgency if it is not clear.

Reviewer: Might add a point about other known issues that are being worked on.

Author: Do you mean something like this 👇 ?
`- Consider whether other known issues are already being worked on that could be included in the same release.`

Reviewer 2: > Do you mean something like this 👇 ? 
`- Consider whether other known issues are already being worked on that could be included in the same release.`

I think that works
